---
title: "v1.3.2"
linkTitle: "v1.3.2"
weight: 1
date: 2022-01-07
description: >
  SpaceONE v1.3.2 Release Note
---

## Release Notes

### Plugin extension/function improvement

- Added aws trusted advisor collector.
  - Some data in the Description Tab is missing. As a known issue, we will improve it at the next reflection.
- aws personal health dashboard speed improvement (about 20 seconds → immediate)
  - Data can be viewed immediately after initial loading by adding caching logic (Timeout 6 hours)
- Added google stackdriver monitoring
  - Now, if you are a google compute server type, you can immediately check the stack driver history in the monitoring tab.

### User-friendly features improved

- You can search for time data such as Created at and Collected at through the search bar.
- Daily Update details are provided on the Main/Project Dashboard.
- Service Account (Google Cloud) input function has been improved.
  - It is possible to input credential information in Json type.
- Schedule detailed setting function of Collector
  - This feature is currently not officially provided and will be updated soon.

## bugfix

- The phenomenon that some fields appear to be duplicated on the Inventory > Server, Inventory > Cloud Service page has been resolved.
- Improvements have been made in the console login page where, when login fails, the message that causes the message is not displayed.
- The problem of missing filters when searching for Cloud Service > Region in the Project dashboard has been resolved.
- The problem of Excel download failure of EBS Resource in Cloud Service has been resolved.

## Hotfix Update

| Service     | Version | Description                  |
|-------------|---------|------------------------------|
| console     | 1.3.2.1 | Create User Button error fix |
| console-api | 1.3.2.1 | Create User Button error fix |
| monitoring  | 1.3.2.1 | Fix data_source create       |
